
Room should have zoom

Change perspective

Change back wall graphic size

Concave room?

y should be logorythmic? 

should the divisions be logorathytmic ?

mirror frequency from zero in all directions?

is this just a mandala with logorythmis?

cancel effect closer to zero for hollow objects

dragon curves (pipe thing)

view room from side, top (for adjusting effect amount change on axis,  or linear)

graphicly disapear in distance with gradient (https://vanseodesign.com/web-design/svg-linear-gradients/)
gradient for where note is playing on line

1.story
2.mandala
3.room

lord jah bless I pray that you will bring peace to the children of zion

dem wanna talk to me about my ocupation
all dem hyporcrites sitting in the united nation
talking down to me like some big revelation
been living this war since the day I was born
200 years long
I an I are da ppl they exile so they can get along
a

and how can I control my hotheads 
when islam don chill
how can I bring dem simmer down
when islam gone kill


aphantasia
Not everyone experiences mental imagery the same way. Some people "see" vivid, detailed images in their mind, while others have less distinct or even no visual imagery (a condition called aphantasia).

aphasia, ataxia, synesthesia,Hyperphantasia

Chromesthesia: Sounds or music evoke colors or shapes.
Spatial Sequence Synesthesia: Music evokes spatial or geometric patterns


my z axis can be logorythmic decay in amplitude...its is...actualy...that...


"Logarithmic envelopes: The attack, decay, and release curves of a compressor or synthesizer envelope are often modeled using logarithmic functions to feel "natural" to human perception."
"Frequency modulation: When implementing modulation (e.g., FM, PM), logarithms might be used to map perceived pitch changes.
Amplitude envelopes: Logarithmic curves can be used for attack/decay shapes to feel natural to listeners.

For example, here’s an exponential decay:

function exponentialDecay(t, tau) {
  return Math.exp(-t / tau); // 'tau' controls the rate of decay
}

he visual cortex (especially V1, the primary visual cortex) is organized retinotopically.



Point Clouds


x detune (alternating on Y) as distance from center increases

checkers

articulate the room!

use noise as background (or walls)

magnetic rooms 

round rooms

hexagonal rooms

room panning : phases invert, noise (-1 till 0, 0 till 1 ?), perspective panning yes no,

emphasis on grid points in terms of eq (peaks), the whole thing is a comb filter? 

choose fundamental as y.0 and then log() away from the horizon towards up and down (just like the z lines)

log() the squeeze on the Y as Z goes backward (perspective frequency)